Hello everyone, my name is Alvina Gakhokidze and I'm a first year engineering science student at
the University of Toronto and I participated in the ICTC in 2019 and in 2020 and both times I was
in the structural engineering team. The reason I joined the competition in the first place was
because it was on the topic of space which is something I never really learned about in high
school and it was also really exciting to me that scientists didn't know a lot about it either
because we can't really explore outer space like we do the real world. So the whole mystery behind
it was very appealing to me and then the other reason I joined was because I didn't really get
any opportunities in school to apply my scientific knowledge and I liked science so I wanted to be
able to do that and the competition was a great opportunity for that. Because of that I would
really recommend for everyone to try the ICTC especially if you are interested in going into
STEM because it's a great opportunity to a. apply your knowledge and b. also decide if you want to
focus more on theory or practical application which is what helped me the most as well from
the competition. My favorite thing about the ICTC is definitely the people there. I'm still in
contact with volunteers and students that I met. Overall it's just such a unique opportunity
because you get to work with people from all around the world and with different backgrounds
and yet you find that it's pretty easy to communicate and get along because we're all
very driven people and working towards the same goal and this isn't really something that I got
to experience in high school so I was very grateful and it was an unforgettable opportunity.
Lastly the ICTC was the main influence on my university decision because before going into it
I knew that I liked science however I didn't know what I wanted to do with it. But being in the
structural engineering team and being able to design buildings and also look at construction
processes like real engineers do I realized that I really like to build things for humans to use
and so I decided to go into engineering and I've just finished my first semester and I really
enjoyed the program so thank you ICTC so much for helping me figure that out and I know that any
other students who participate in this competition will really enjoy it as well. Yeah thank you
everyone for listening.